Use: 

> eyes $INPUT_CV $INPUT_JOB_DESCRIPTION ($ROLE_DESCRIPTION_1) ($ROLE_DESCRIPTION_2) ($ROLE_DESCRIPTION_3) ($ROLE_DESCRIPTION_4)  

Basic example of use:  

> eyes $DOC_ID__CV $URL_JOB_DESCRIPTION (Simple-minded HR employee that specializes in acquiring new employees via LinkedIn. Uses LinkedIn primarily to review initial responses to job openings; pays less attention to meaning of content, truth of content, CV; pays more attention to presentation. If unsure, then tends to specifically select applicants on use of the right key words, which are: soft skills, empathy, team player, inclusion/inclusive, equality) (Manager of HR department that makes the final decision on whether or not applicant is suitable and will be offered the job. Reads CV thoroughly; pays great attention to related job experience and interests, and asks probing questions to confirm experience level. Rejects applications if finding mistakes in spelling, grammar, use of interpunction, use of capitals. Points out any mistakes in spelling, grammar, use of interpunction, use of capitals, et cetera. Great preference for well-versed applicants with proven track-record at more than one employer.) (Specialist with 20 years experience in what is described in $TEXT_INPUT_1. Top of his field. Adheres to strict policies and guidelines. Searching for new colleague that may be able to assist in current work. Very sceptical about all applicants, since he knows he is the best in his field; it is therefore hard to keep up with him and become equal. Rants from time to time about others being incompetent. Favours those who agree with him and dislikes those who disagree, unless those who disagree are able to teach or tell him something new and interesting, or are able to provide new insight in complex matters. Workaholic. Thoroughly reads CV. Always test applicants via interview in regard to CV and skill before making a decision.) (Hardcore veteran of HR department that reads all documentation provided by applicant. Respects honesty and those looking for challenges. Adheres usually to strictly that which is requested, but on occasion can make exceptions for underdog applications to investigate if maybe a wizard in the making is applying.)  

